.Dd MONTH DAY, YEAR
.Dt COMMAND 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm COMMAND
.Nd ONE_LINE_DESCRIPTION
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl \-debug
.Op Fl \-help|\-?
.Op Fl \-version
.Op Fl \-
.Ar MANDATORY_ARG
.Op Ar OPTIONAL_ARG
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility
.Ss OPTIONS
.Op Fl \-debug
Enable debug mode
.Pp
.Op Fl \-help|\-?
Print usage and this help message and exit
.Pp
.Op Fl \-version
Print version and exit
.Pp
.Op Fl \-
Options processing terminator
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
The
.Ev COMMAND_DEBUG
environment variable can be set to any value to enable debug mode.
.Pp
The
.Ev FLAVOUR
or
.Ev COMMAND_FLAVOUR
environment variables can be set to one of the following values, to implement only the corresponding options and behaviours:
.Bl -bullet
.It
posix : POSIX COMMAND
.It
unix | unix:v10 : Unix v10 COMMAND(1)
.It
bsd | bsd:freebsd : FreeBSD COMMAND(1)
.It
gnu | gnu:linux | linux : GNU/Linux COMMAND(1)
.It
plan9 : Plan 9 COMMAND(1)
.It
inferno : Inferno COMMAND(1)
.El
.Pp
However, if the
.Ev POSIXLY_CORRECT
environment variable is set to any value, then the POSIX flavour will be selected.
.Sh FILES
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std COMMAND
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr COMMAND1 1 ,
.Xr COMMAND2 1
.Sh STANDARDS
The
.Nm
utility is a standard UNIX/POSIX command.
utility is a standard UNIX command, though not a POSIX one.
utility is not a standard UNIX command, though a usual one on Unix\-like systems.
utility is not a standard UNIX command.
.Pp
This re\-implementation tries to follow the PEP 8 style guide for Python code.
.Sh PORTABILITY
To be tested under Windows.
Tested OK under Windows.
.Sh HISTORY
This re\-implementation was made for the
.Lk https://github.com/HubTou/PNU PNU project
.Sh LICENSE
It is available under the 3\-clause BSD license.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An YOU
.Pp
This manual page is mainly based on the one written for FreeBSD by
.An HIM .
.Sh CAVEATS
.Sh BUGS
Bold:
.Em BOLDED_TEXT

Option:
.Op Fl LETTER

Paragraph break:
.Pp

Bullet list:
.Bl -bullet
.It
ITEM
.El

Code block:
.Bd -literal
CODE_BLOCK
.Ed

.Sh SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
